at first we thought it was oniy Lord but
yeah oh no Lord counsel Lord oh yeah
either way I feel bad for the guy
because he's running into kaze no koe
you know not to say that only Lord
doesn't have a chance but nan cause
inoko is something else on you know ski
you were saying what we're gonna see
either yawn or sad yes I think early in
polls he's probably gonna play set to
try to just get through it you know real
fast yeah exactly a fan I feel like sets
that type of character to like in
tournament like settings it's like so
nerve-wracking to play versus uh players
oh yeah oh yeah okay Oni Lord it is but
yeah shut us to him and Mardon and all
those guys putting in work over there
Kathlyn okhla just one of the most
ferocious Street Fighter 4 players
period oh yeah
he is I mean he always picks like the
young Wow okay okay but he definitely
always picks these like highly
aggressive characters where he could you
know just expose you early and not have
to worry about playing fancy I mean I
think even like was quoted as the saying
he's not very good at playing like
Street Fighter quote-unquote no so he
likes to pick these characters that he
could you know kind of avert the the
foot see aspect the anti-air aspect and
just make it easy for himself he comes
from a guilty gear back right that's
that's right yeah okay so I thought I
thought I wasn't sure which game exactly
but uh so yarn bursts Oni this is gonna
be tougher Oni man not a lot of how well
actually buffed his health but he's
hidden button to get encounter hit early
you got right off the jump with that
perfectly placed another perfectly
placed sidekick man precision here from
Caza no ko yeah he's looking great
already and won't probably yes there you
go just do it man yeah let him know
you're here
you know that's fine even if you die you
know you don't wanna get perfect it on
stream no Aniyah right there cuz no ko
just relaxing a little this mitigated by
that ultra there you go and gone through
all the iterations I mean he was like
such a monster early on not so much now
but there's still a lot of players they
go back to him so yeah he's recently
gone back to young he had dropped him
after the nerve yeah but now he's still
making noise with your honor why I think
that's cool awesome I guess something
about that didn't you know resonate with
them yeah baby I can understand that
oh traded right there that's uh
something you're gonna see a lot of
players who know the young matchup
they'll do these Metis they actually
trade with diamonds that's the best you
could get yeah so like if you watch a
guy go oh here we go
it'd be big damage and like safe jump
setup at the end of it no here's the
safe jump the ice block O'Neal are still
in this ooh nice bait all right a little
bit well place yeah any of these make a
collage just randomly throwing it you
know jump kick to keep him honest yeah
max range yellow max range so yeah he'd
have to commit to an uppercut basically
putting them on that that's what's so
annoying with divekick characters too is
a player is like you can't auntie em
traditionally you know in a conventional
senton you have to like pick and choose
to say becomes a mixup game in itself
almost yeah and it makes you feel
terrible when they do a neutral jump and
you're flying up in the air right but
it's like you know like real like good
players will look at that and be I
respect that yeah but you know they
don't match exactly they don't know the
match the big we doing here we go holy
Lord make some noise now
alright good tech always a nice tech
when you techid I kick churches throws I
know that is so scared
yeah oh
you gonna try it Wow oh nice I heard
that's actually kind of difficult
nothing difficult okay definitely an
executional wizard yeah he is and coming
from a background like guilty oh wow
great honey okay but I coming from the
background gave like guilty guilty goes
very heavy on execution with FRC's and
Alana combos are just so wrong and not
easy
Wow good cross cutter right there which
refers to the motion basically of just
you're like funny short cut motion I'm
getting like pieces across over Oh a
chance there but O'Neal or doesn't play
up with a pressure yeah he's playing
very tense like any time he has some
rope he feels like it doesn't too much
with it yeah I mean you can't blame them
well at this point he's down matched
around so he's got to try to get
something going here yeah no go yeah I
agree we should try something but it and
this meaty setup only really awful but
you try man I respect that but uh Oni
has like so little defensive options
that are reliable yeah namely because
his DP is only fa d seeable on him yeah
and that's you know that's brutal right
I kind of feel like they shouldn't have
done that
like if stuff could do it why can't hey
yeah it's a it's a pretty strange choice
it was yeah like if anything I feel like
the game should have been that way and
you know maybe our character could do it
would be unique yeah but if everybody
could do it it just seems a little
strange that they didn't get it Sony but
the other way Cal Sunoco ran away with
that one I had this like thing blocking
me so I don't have a good view of the
players anymore but I can tell you I see
Latif up there yeah Latif's out there so
that means my friend Nima who's a SoCal
North Cal player is also in this pool of